Background
You have learned how to receive command-line arguments by means of the arguments to main conventionally named argc and argv. In this lab you will extend argv by allowing special arguments that refer to files containing further arguments. Such a filename begins with the @ character. You will collect all arguments in such files in the order you encounter them, and then return to where you left off. Such @-files can reference other @-files.

Requirements
To illustrate what needs to be done, suppose the following files have the contents indicated:

File argfile.dat:

we will sell
no soda @argfile2.dat before
its
time
File argfile2.dat:

now is the time
for all carbon-based
units @argfile3.dat to come to the aid of 
their sector
File argfile3.dat:

where no one has gone
before
Your task is to collect all arguments in the order they are referenced by opening the @-files as you encounter them. For example, if your program is named xargv, the following command line

$ xargv one @argfile.dat two
would print the following results:

32 items:

one
we
will
sell
no
soda
now
is
the
time
for
all
carbon-based
units
where
no
one
has
gone
before
to
come
to
the
aid
of
their
sector
before
its
time
two
Whenever a regular string is encountered it is appended to the vector. Whenever an @-file is encountered, it is immediately opened and the process continues inside that file. This nesting process can go arbitrarily deep. When an @-file completes, the process picks up where it left off before opening that file. Note that lines in the text file are not important here; you just read space-delimited strings wherever they are in the text files.

Write a program that works as described above, printing the argument strings collected to standard output. You will ned to provide the one @argfile.dat two arguments in the Additional arguments area after ./a.out under Run command:.

Implementation Notes
To have a procedure that repeats in different contexts, you need some sort of repetition that can go on without a pre-arranged limit. So, a for-loop alone won’t quite do the job. Hint: you might consider recursion somewhere in your thinking.